Update README (#4898)
LiskHQ/lisk-desktop: docs/HARDWARE_WALLET_DEVELOPMENT.md

> # How to use ledger hardware wallet

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# How to use the Ledger hardware wallet
```

## Step 1: Manually add the Lisk ledger app to your Ledger hardware wallet

> - Download `installer_nanos.sh` or `installer_nanos_plus.sh` from [ledger-lisk](https://github.com/Zondax/ledger-lisk/releases). Depending on your HW test device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Download `installer_nanos.sh` or `installer_nanos_plus.sh` from [ledger-lisk](https://github.com/Zondax/ledger-lisk/releases), depending on your HW test device.
```

- run `chmod +x ./installer.sh`

> - Make sure you have python3 on your environment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Ensure you have python3 in your environment.
```

> - Connect your ledger nano to your computer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Connect your Ledger nano to your computer.
```

> - Connect your ledger nano to your computer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Connect your Ledger nano to your computer.
```

> - run `./installer.sh load` // to push the Lisk app to your ledger)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- run `./installer.sh load` // to push the Lisk app to your Ledger).
```

> - You might need to do pip install ledgerblue . Make sure you use pip for python3, depending on how you have set up your aliases to handle python2 and python3. I use pip3 for python3, in that case do pip3 install ledgerblue .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- It may be necessary to perform a pip install ledgerblue. Ensure you use pip for python3, depending on how you have set up your aliases to handle python2 and python3. If pip3 for python3 is used, then in this case perform a pip3 install ledgerblue.
```

> - Accept all prompts on your connected ledger device

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Accept all prompts on your connected Ledger device.
```

> - After accepting all prompts you should have an app called Lisk

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- After accepting all prompts you should then have an app called Lisk.
```

> ## Step 2: How to sign in to your ledger wallet

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Step 2: How to sign in to your Ledger wallet
```

- `git clone git@github.com:LiskHQ/lisk-desktop.git`
- run `npm run build`

> - Open two terminals

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Open two terminals.
```

- In terminal 1 run `npm run dev`

> - In terminal 2 run `LISK_DESKTOP_URL="http://localhost:8080" DEBUG=true npm run start` // this will open the Lisk electron app)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- In terminal 2 run `LISK_DESKTOP_URL="http://localhost:8080" DEBUG=true npm run start` // this will open the Lisk electron app).
```

> - In the Lisk electron app navigate to /dashboard → click “Add account” → click “Use a hardware wallet”

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- In the Lisk electron app navigate to /dashboard → click “Add account” → click “Use a hardware wallet”.
```

> - Open the Lisk app on your ledger (the app you installed in step 1)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Open the Lisk app on your Ledger, (the app you previously installed in step 1).
```
